What nonsense are you talking about? Why don't you take this first?
Nubi refuses to let your majesty,
That army of disappointment, if the devil's mouth-loving boy,
Mountain red suddenly appeared in Aikou,
Who am I with ten thousand troops?
I want all of them to be obscene, Your Majesty,
The army cannot come, Your Majesty,
After Your Majesty's army is finished, it will be gone.
What is this, is you,
It's me, you're waiting for the company soldiers,
I'm waiting for the company soldiers
I am willing to be a man
these days
You have never been out of Huangcheng
My girl’s soldiers haven’t even touched
Neither husband nor husband that day
It’s the 20,000 Tianfudu that disappeared
It's too late to know now
My 20,000-year-old husband opened the mountain table road
Half a month in house
Introduce water from upstream to the mouth of the mouth
I also want to think about the palace
You must first eliminate your 100,000 swarm
And you have a crowd of one hundred thousand
The level solution must pass through Panshan Aikou
I've already arrived, I'm here
There are ten thousand hands to support this.
It's really like holding the door together.
How much of your talent have you seen?
Only tens of millions of people can support you
Then I have to resign
Do you really think I'm stupid?
I didn't expect such clues
Holding the door open is already familiar, Your Majesty
Just the beginning of talent
You hide your head in the supporting ground
Li Ying Wai He
I believe that the support door has been opened wide to ask for His Majesty's help.
I've been hurt and I'm willing to hold on
Good night. Only when you hook up with a cool guy will you know the use of taking off your clothes.
You hurt the country now to me
Just look at the brain group
Not you gave it to me
it's me
I'll give you one last chance to make your own way
I'll leave you to the royal family